{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Bold;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f4\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-ItalicMT;\f5\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;
\f6\fnil\fcharset77 ZapfDingbatsITC;\f7\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red24\green24\blue24;\red255\green255\blue255;\red7\green72\blue221;
\red234\green234\blue234;\red52\green52\blue52;\red217\green217\blue217;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12157\c12157\c12157;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c38431\c89412;
\cssrgb\c93333\c93333\c93333;\cssrgb\c26667\c26667\c26667;\cssrgb\c87843\c87843\c87843;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs44 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What Is IAM?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 IAM is a web service that enables you to manage access to your AWS account and resources. It also provides a centralized view of who and what are allowed inside your AWS account (authentication), and who and what have permissions to use and work with your AWS resources (authorization).\
 \
With IAM, you can share access to an AWS account and resources without having to share your set of access keys or password. You can also provide granular access to those working in your account, so that people and services only have permissions to the resources they need. For example, to provide a user of your AWS account with read-only access to a particular AWS service, you can granularly select which actions and which resources in that service they can access.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs44 \cf2 Get to Know the IAM Features\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 To help control access and manage identities within your AWS account, IAM offers many features to ensure security.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 IAM is global and not specific to any one Region. This means you can see and use your IAM configurations from any Region in the AWS Management Console.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 IAM is integrated with many AWS services {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/reference_aws-services-that-work-with-iam.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4  by default}}.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 You can establish password policies in IAM to specify complexity requirements and mandatory rotation periods for users.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 IAM supports MFA.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 IAM supports identity federation, which allows users who already have passwords elsewhere\'97for example, in your corporate network or with an internet identity provider\'97to get temporary access to your AWS account.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Any AWS customer can use IAM; the service is offered at no additional charge.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs44 \cf2 \cb3 What Is an IAM User?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 An IAM user represents a person or service that interacts with AWS. You define the user within your AWS account. And any activity done by that user is billed to your account. Once you create a user, that user can sign in to gain access to the AWS resources inside your account.\
 \
You can also add more users to your account as needed. For example, for your cat photo application, you could create individual users in your AWS account that correspond to the people who are working on your application. Each person should have their own login credentials. Providing users with their own login credentials prevents sharing of credentials.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs44 \cf2 IAM User Credentials\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 An IAM user consists of a name and a set of credentials. When creating a user, you can choose to provide the user:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Access to the AWS Management Console\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Programmatic access to the AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI) and AWS Application Programming Interface (AWS API)\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 To access the AWS Management Console, provide the users with a user name and password. For programmatic access, AWS generates a set of access keys that can be used with the AWS CLI and AWS API. IAM user credentials are considered permanent, in that they stay with the user until there\'92s a forced rotation by admins.\
\
When you create an IAM user, you have the option to grant permissions directly at the user level.\
 \
This can seem like a good idea if you have only one or a few users. However, as the number of users helping you build your solutions on AWS increases, it becomes more complicated to keep up with permissions. For example, if you have 3,000 users in your AWS account, administering access becomes challenging, and it\'92s impossible to get a top-level view of who can perform what actions on which resources.\
\
If only there were a way to group IAM users and attach permissions at the group level instead. Guess what: There is!\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs44 \cf2 What Is an IAM Group?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 An IAM group is a collection of users. All users in the group inherit the permissions assigned to the group. This makes it easy to give permissions to multiple users at once. It\'92s a more convenient and scalable way of managing permissions for users in your AWS account. This is why using IAM groups is a best practice.\
 \
If you have a an application that you\'92re trying to build and have multiple users in one account working on the application, you might decide to organize these users by job function. You might want IAM groups organized by developers, security, and admins. You would then place all of your IAM users in the respective group for their job function.\
\
This provides a better view to see who has what permissions within your organization and an easier way to scale as new people join, leave, and change roles in your organization.\
\
 Consider the following examples.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A new developer joins your AWS account to help with your application. You simply create a new user and add them to the developer group, without having to think about which permissions they need.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A developer changes jobs and becomes a security engineer. Instead of editing the user\'92s permissions directly, you can instead remove them from the old group and add them to the new group that already has the correct level of access.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 Keep in mind the following features of groups.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Groups can have many users.\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Users can belong to many groups.\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Groups cannot belong to groups.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 The root user can perform all actions on all resources inside an AWS account by default. This is in contrast to creating new IAM users, new groups, or new roles. New IAM identities can perform no actions inside your AWS account by default until you explicitly grant them permission.\
\
The way you grant permissions in IAM is by using IAM policies.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs44 \cf2 What Is an IAM Policy?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 To manage access and provide permissions to AWS services and resources, you create IAM policies and attach them to IAM users, groups, and roles. Whenever a user or role makes a request, AWS evaluates the policies associated with them. For example, if you have a developer inside the developers group who makes a request to an AWS service, AWS evaluates any policies attached to the developers group and any policies attached to the developer user to determine if the request should be allowed or denied.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs44 \cf2 IAM Policy Examples\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 Most policies are stored in AWS as JSON documents with several policy elements. Take a look at the following example of what providing admin access through an IAM identity-based policy looks like.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13300 \cf2 \cb5 \{\
"Version": "2012-10-17",\
    "Statement": [\{\
        "Effect": "Allow",\
        "Action": "*",\
        "Resource": "*"\
     \}]\
\}
\f0\b0\fs28 \cb3 In this policy, there are four major JSON elements: Version, Effect, Action, and Resource.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The 
\f3\b Version
\f1\b0  element defines the version of the policy language. It specifies the language syntax rules that are needed by AWS to process a policy. To use all the available policy features, include 
\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13300 \cb5 "Version": "2012-10-17"
\f1\b0\fs28 \cb3  before the 
\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13300 \cb5 "Statement"
\f1\b0\fs28 \cb3  element in all your policies.\cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The 
\f3\b Effect
\f1\b0  element specifies whether the statement will allow or deny access. In this policy, the Effect is 
\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13300 \cb5 "Allow"
\f1\b0\fs28 \cb3 , which means you\'92re providing access to a particular resource.\cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The 
\f3\b Action
\f1\b0  element describes the type of action that should be allowed or denied. In the above policy, the action is 
\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13300 \cb5 "*"
\f1\b0\fs28 \cb3 . This is called a wildcard, and it is used to symbolize every action inside your AWS account.\cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The 
\f3\b Resource
\f1\b0  element specifies the object or objects that the policy statement covers. In the policy example above, the resource is also the wildcard 
\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13300 \cb5 "*"
\f1\b0\fs28 \cb3 . This represents all resources inside your AWS console.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \cb3  Putting all this information together, you have a policy that 
\f3\b allows
\f0\b0  you to perform 
\f3\b all actions
\f0\b0  on 
\f3\b all resources
\f0\b0  inside your AWS account. This is what we refer to as an 
\f4\i administrator policy
\f0\i0 .\
 \
Let\'92s look at another example of a more granular IAM policy.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13300 \cf2 \cb5 \{\
"Version": "2012-10-17",\
    "Statement": [\{\
        "Effect": "Allow",\
        "Action": [\
            "iam: ChangePassword",\
            "iam: GetUser"\
            ]\
        "Resource": "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:user/$\{aws:username\}"\
    \}]\
\}
\f0\b0\fs28 \cb3 After looking at the JSON, you can see that this policy 
\f3\b allows
\f0\b0  the IAM user to 
\f3\b change their own IAM password
\f0\b0  (
\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13300 \cb5 iam:ChangePassword
\f0\b0\fs28 \cb3 ) and 
\f3\b get information about their own user
\f0\b0  (
\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13300 \cb5 iam:GetUser
\f0\b0\fs28 \cb3 ). It only permits them to access their own credentials because the resource restricts access with the variable substitution 
\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13300 \cb5 $\{aws:username\}
\f0\b0\fs28 \cb3 . \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs44 \cf2 Understand Policy Structure\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 When creating a policy, it is required to have each of the following elements inside a policy statement. \

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trcbpat3 \tamarb480 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1209\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl400 \clpadb100 \clpadr400 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5429\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl400 \clpadb100 \clpadr400 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1272\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl400 \clpadb100 \clpadr400 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5588\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl400 \clpadb100 \clpadr400 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f5\b\fs28\fsmilli14400 \cf2 \cb1 Element\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Description\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Required\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Example
\f1\b0 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trcbpat3 \tamarb480 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1209\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clpadt100 \clpadl400 \clpadb100 \clpadr400 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5429\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clpadt100 \clpadl400 \clpadb100 \clpadr400 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1272\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clpadt100 \clpadl400 \clpadb100 \clpadr400 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5588\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clpadt100 \clpadl400 \clpadb100 \clpadr400 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Effect\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Specifies whether the statement results in an allow or an explicit deny\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f6 \cf2 \uc0\u10004 
\f1 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs27\fsmilli13680 \cf2 \cb5 "Effect": "Deny"
\f1\b0\fs28\fsmilli14400 \cb1 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trcbpat3 \tamarb480 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1209\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clpadt100 \clpadl400 \clpadb100 \clpadr400 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5429\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clpadt100 \clpadl400 \clpadb100 \clpadr400 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1272\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clpadt100 \clpadl400 \clpadb100 \clpadr400 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5588\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clpadt100 \clpadl400 \clpadb100 \clpadr400 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Action\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Describes the specific actions that will be allowed or denied\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f6 \cf2 \uc0\u10004 
\f1 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs27\fsmilli13680 \cf2 \cb5 "Action": "iam:CreateUser"
\f1\b0\fs28\fsmilli14400 \cb1 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trcbpat3 \tamarb480 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1209\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clpadt100 \clpadl400 \clpadb100 \clpadr400 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5429\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clpadt100 \clpadl400 \clpadb100 \clpadr400 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1272\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clpadt100 \clpadl400 \clpadb100 \clpadr400 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5588\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clpadt100 \clpadl400 \clpadb100 \clpadr400 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Resource\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Specifies the object or objects that the statement covers\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f6 \cf2 \uc0\u10004 
\f1 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs27\fsmilli13680 \cf2 \cb5 "Resource": "arn:aws:iam::account-ID-without-hyphens:user/Bob"
\f1\b0\fs28\fsmilli14400 \cb1 \cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs32 \cf2 Resources
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0
\f7\i\fs28 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://docs.amazonaws.cn/en_us/IAM/latest/UserGuide/introduction.html"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 External Site: What is IAM?}}
\f1\i0 \cf2 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\ls6\ilvl0
\f7\i \cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://docs.amazonaws.cn/en_us/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id.html"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 External Site: AWS IAM Identities}}
\f1\i0 \cf2 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\ls6\ilvl0
\f7\i \cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://docs.amazonaws.cn/en_us/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access.html"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 External Site: Access Management with AWS IAM}}
\f1\i0 \cf2 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
}