{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-ItalicMT;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f5\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red24\green24\blue24;\red255\green255\blue255;\red7\green72\blue221;
\red52\green52\blue52;\red217\green217\blue217;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12157\c12157\c12157;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c38431\c89412;
\cssrgb\c26667\c26667\c26667;\cssrgb\c87843\c87843\c87843;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs44 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What\'92s the Big Deal About Auth?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 When you\'92re configuring access to any account, two terms come up frequently: 
\f1\b authentication and authorization
\f0\b0 . Though these terms may seem basic, you need to understand them to properly configure access management on AWS. It\'92s important to keep this mind as you progress in this course. Let\'92s define both terms.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs44 \cf2 Understand Authentication\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 When you create your AWS account, you use a combination of an email address and a password to verify your identity. If the user types in the correct email and password, the system assumes the user is allowed to enter and grants them access. This is the process of 
\f2\i authentication
\f0\i0 .\
\
Authentication ensures that the user is who they say they are. Usernames and passwords are the most common types of authentication, but you may also work with other forms, such as token-based authentication or biometric data like a fingerprint. Authentication simply answers the question, \'93Are you who you say you are?\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs44 \cf2 Understand Authorization\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 Once you\'92re inside your AWS account, you might be curious about what actions you can take. This is where 
\f2\i authorization
\f0\i0  comes in. Authorization is the process of giving users permission to access AWS resources and services. Authorization determines whether the user can perform an action\'97whether it be to read, edit, delete, or create resources. Authorization answers the question, \'93What actions can you perform?\'94\
 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs44 \cf2 What Is the AWS Root User?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 When you first create an AWS account, you begin with a single sign-in identity that has complete access to all AWS services and resources in the account. This identity is called the AWS root user and is accessed by signing in with the email address and password that you used to create the account.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs44 \cf2 Understand the AWS Root User Credentials\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 The AWS root user has two sets of credentials associated with it. One set of credentials is the email address and password used to create the account. This allows you to access the AWS Management Console. The second set of credentials is called access keys, which allow you to make programmatic requests from the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/modules/aws-cloud-technical-professionals"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI) or AWS API}}.\
 \
 Access keys consist of two parts:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 An access key ID, for example, A2lAl5EXAMPLE\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A secret access key, for example, wJalrFE/KbEKxE\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 Similar to a username and password combination, you need both the access key ID and secret access key to authenticate your requests via the AWS CLI or AWS API. Access keys should be managed with the same security as an email address and password.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs44 \cf2 Follow Best Practices When Working with the AWS Root User\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 Keep in mind that the root user has complete access to all AWS services and resources in your account, as well as your billing and personal information. Due to this, securely lock away the credentials associated with the root user and do not use the root user for everyday tasks.\
\
 \
 To ensure the safety of the root user:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f3 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Choose a strong password for the root user.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Never share your root user password or access keys with anyone.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Disable or delete the access keys associated with the root user.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Do not use the root user for administrative tasks or everyday tasks.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 When is it OK to use the AWS root user? There are some tasks where it makes sense to use the AWS root user. Check out the links at the end of this section to read about them.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs44 \cf2 Delete Your Keys to Stay Safe\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 If you don't already have an access key for your AWS account root user, don't create one unless you absolutely need to. If you do have an access key for your AWS account root user and want to delete the keys:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f3 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Go to the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://console.aws.amazon.com/iam/home?#security_credential"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4  My Security Credentials page}} in the AWS Management Console and sign in with the root user\'92s email address and password.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Open the Access keys section.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Under Actions, click 
\f1\b Delete
\f3\b0 .\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Click 
\f1\b Yes
\f3\b0 .\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs44 \cf2 \cb3 The Case for Multi-Factor Authentication\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 When you create an AWS account and first log in to that account, you use single-factor authentication. Single-factor authentication is the simplest and most common form of authentication. It only requires one authentication method. In this case, you use a username and password to authenticate as the AWS root user. Other forms of single-factor authentication include a security pin or a security token.\
\
However, sometimes a user\'92s password is easy to guess. For example, your coworker Bob\'92s password, IloveCats222, might be easy for someone who knows Bob personally to guess, because it\'92s a combination of information that is easy to remember and describes certain things about Bob (1. Bob loves cats, and 2. Bob\'92s birthday is February 22).\
\
If a bad actor guessed or cracked Bob\'92s password through {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/modules/digital-security-basics"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 social engineering, bots, or scripts}}, Bob might lose control of his account. Unfortunately, this is a common scenario that users of any website often face.\
\
This is why using MFA has become so important in preventing unwanted account access. MFA requires two or more authentication methods to verify an identity, pulling from three different categories of information.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f3 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Something you know, such as a username and password, or pin number\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Something you have, such as a one-time passcode from a hardware device or mobile app\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Something you are, such as fingerprint or face scanning technology\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 Using a combination of this information enables systems to provide a layered approach to account access. Even though the first method of authentication, Bob\'92s password, was cracked by a malicious user, it\'92s very unlikely that a second method of authentication, such as a fingerprint, would also be cracked.\
 \
This extra layer of security is needed when protecting your most sacred accounts, which is why it\'92s important to enable MFA on your AWS root user.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs44 \cf2 Use MFA on AWS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 If you enable MFA on your root user, you are required to present a piece of identifying information from both the something you know category and the something you have category. The first piece of identifying information the user enters is an email and password combination. The second piece of information is a temporary numeric code provided by an MFA device.\
\
Enabling MFA adds an additional layer of security because it requires users to use a supported MFA mechanism in addition to their regular sign-in credentials. It\'92s best practice to enable MFA on the root user.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs44 \cf2 Review Supported MFA Devices\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 AWS supports a variety of MFA mechanisms, such as virtual MFA devices, hardware devices, and Universal 2nd Factor (U2F) security keys. For instructions on how to set up each method, check out the Resources section.\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trcbpat3 \tamarb480 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1242\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt100 \clpadl400 \clpadb100 \clpadr400 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9960\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt100 \clpadl400 \clpadb100 \clpadr400 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3116\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadt100 \clpadl400 \clpadb100 \clpadr400 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs28\fsmilli14400 \cf2 \cb1 Device\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Description\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Supported Devices
\f3\b0 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trcbpat3 \tamarb480 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1242\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl400 \clpadb100 \clpadr400 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9960\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl400 \clpadb100 \clpadr400 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3116\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl400 \clpadb100 \clpadr400 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Virtual MFA\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 A software app that runs on a phone or other device that provides a one-time passcode. Keep in mind that these applications can run on unsecured mobile devices, and because of that, may not provide the same level of security as hardware or U2F devices.\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Authy, Duo Mobile, LastPass Authenticator, Microsoft Authenticator, Google Authenticator\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trcbpat3 \tamarb480 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1242\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl400 \clpadb100 \clpadr400 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9960\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl400 \clpadb100 \clpadr400 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3116\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl400 \clpadb100 \clpadr400 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Hardware\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 A hardware device, generally a key fob or display card device that generates a one-time six-digit numeric code\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Key fob, display card\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trcbpat3 \tamarb480 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1242\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl400 \clpadb100 \clpadr400 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9960\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl400 \clpadb100 \clpadr400 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3116\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl400 \clpadb100 \clpadr400 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 U2F\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 A hardware device that you plug into a USB port on your computer\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 YubiKey\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf2 Resources
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\f5\i\fs28 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_mfa_enable_physical.html"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 External Site:
\f3\i0  AWS: Enabling a Hardware MFA Device (Console)}}
\f3\i0 \cf2 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\ls5\ilvl0
\f5\i \cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_mfa_enable_u2f.html"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 External Site:
\f3\i0  AWS: Enabling a U2F Security Key (Console)}}
\f3\i0 \cf2 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\ls5\ilvl0
\f5\i \cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_mfa_enable_virtual.html"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 External Site:
\f3\i0  AWS: Enabling a Virtual Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) Device (Console)}}
\f3\i0 \cf2 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://aws.amazon.com/iam/features/mfa/"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 External Site: AWS: Table of Supported MFA Devices}}\cf2 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
}